---
layout: post
title: "We are but puppets in this capitalistic society"
categories: Thought, thinker, & the prisoner of the self.
---
You know I choose the wrong field of work. Because i didn't had time to think what i was getting into, anxieties of my parents were so intense that they didn't let me think, i was born,(do you guys realize the day you are born to the a year after you are dead they HAVE A PRODUCT for everything, every movement you make or don't we have product, from breathing related products, to your death related product, as in the past they had different rituals for every wake or decay of your life. called religion. so, we can say that capitalism is the new religion like system where someone or the other is making money)and they fed me a language, they sent me to school and then they sent me to a college just after my twelth, i had to choose in a month what i am going to do my whole life to see the world movies were the greatest pleasure I had in my life, I learned from it, I lived through it and it was my past time it was my hard time, but the whole of industry is rotten and feeds on people desires. Whats a good project, 1. it has to make money. 2. it has to make a lot more money. So if i want to make projects that i like i have to fund them myself, but their are better ways the a fil to convey my ideas. thats why i say i am in the wrong field, even to i like i and i will pursue it but i wont go crazy in the pursuit, i wont bend infront of the shitty films that this industry work on. and producers and director are not wrong themself, the need to reun their buisness. they dont really care what you watch, the will show you what you want. and what you want, voilence, love story, nudity, larger then life actors. then you will get nepotism, you will get proper objectification, you will get a love story, you will get the salman khan and sharukhan khan. then things changed, now you dont want nepotism, you starts to hate nepotism for some reason even though its everywhere, you do it, you will choose friends over stranger even if the stranger is capable of more good things but a medicore friend is better then a stranger. or a worthless son is in political power because he is your son, nepotism is everwhere where the known will get the benifit and stranger will be thrown out. but anyway you hate nepotism, anurag kashyap used to hate nepotism, now he also understand something and he doesnt anyome, now they are selling you the outsider, all the rich young heros comming off as a middle class to make your heart melt, one day if you turned into a non actor based films then they will sell you a film with nonactors. even anubhav sinha made shitty films and now he thinks he is making good and better films, maybe he is but and he can because he had made those shitty films thats why he has the sources and resourses to make these films. now my bollywood refrences are done, i dont really give attenting to bollywood because it is as rotten as....(ad anything you think is the worse). I know it through reels. One of my favorite filmmakers are roy andreson, he made really expensive moving paintings like scene on human condition. and he direct ad films to fund his movies as they usually dont run in theaters but in film festivals. so on the one hand he is making this woke films but on the other hand he fucks million of people into buying shit through advertisment. and when someone asks him this question, he says he makes and choose good product ads. but sir, advertisment = manuplating people into buying shit by targeting their emotion. and really good and unique products dont need advertising they will sell with only a instagram post, eg, xerox, and recently open ai, now If you make similar product that alerady exist on the market, you still dont need the advertisment but if their are 100 of same company with different name then you need a marketing agency and they will do your dirty work to sell even you have a similar product.
So yes i choose the wrong field but now i am discovering the technological programming side of the world where there is freedom and where the free market can exist. Apple iphone launched which was expensive as ios. google released android and boom the apple is profitable but not as much it could have if android didnt exist or if android was not open source, through free market you free people from the burden of single entity controling your life. even though android is the trick to weak the apple buisness, it is still an open sourse. same with the macs, microsoft released its window and we all can use it without a key if we want to right. it distrupted the mac market. and now with open ai. facebook released llama module for free. How cool is that. then their is linux, blender, git. Free market is the real deal they are really working towards a better future where you can own something without someone conntrolling it what you can do or what you cant. but they are also really worse, because million of poor people work under harsh conditions to extract the elements for thre producsts for your comforts, they are sweating in heat so that they can have food every day and you can be the pig unless you also work day and night for someones comfortable life But i see hope that a guy with a decent pc can change things. like the whole bitcoin legend. So, yes i choose the wrong field but its what i have always loved, making and writing movies i didnt knew the rotten side of the story. See fr yourself the amount of tax government take on bollywood is more then 50percent. who takes more then 50 percent of profit shares for all the work you and your team has put. rarely a film gets tax free for the goodwill but cinima is cinema its shit for shity people and gold for intelegent people, bucause cinema reflects the society and you can surely learn many things from it, from how a rapist is made to why people like voilence cool. So, yes, goverment takes 50 persont tak on the film profit who does that. and then you should think that all the shity things have heavy taxes on it. be it cinema, cigarette or alcohol becacause government needs money to run the nation and the buisnessman needs the money for himself and you need you sex scene, item number, and voilence. every one is getting what they want. its a win win. and same with cigarette and alcohol, people love it, and they need money and biuisness man needs money. AND THEY REALLY DONT NEED ADVERTISMENT. liiquor sells more then water bottles. even in lockdown governmet opened the leaqure stores foir the funds becuse they also know millions of stupid people will want to buy these things. all the quit tabaco shit and campains are shi because you can not quit cigarette unles it destroyes you or you deal with the stuff tha tis the reason you smoke. Programming is cool. I want to make the films i want to make not what sells. now if what i want to make sells better otherwise i am settled as i am, i will find another way. i love animated films and their is no market of it in this country so i might do something about it. because i am the guy with a f\decent pc and internet..